
ADDING OR MODIFYING A NETWORK TRANSPORT ENTRY

In the Network Transport Editor, you specify information about 
the transport for the server entry you are adding or modifying. 
The following transport types are available:

 * tcp:      TCP/IP transport for connecting to a UNIX network
 * tli tcp:  tli version of TCP/IP for adding entries for tli-based 
             Adaptive Servers.
 * spx:      SPX/IPX transport for connecting to a Novell NetWare network.
 * tli spx:  tli version of SPX/IPX for adding entries for tli-based 
             Adaptive Servers.

To add or modify a transport entry:
----------------------------------
1.  Select a transport type from the list.
    If you are modifying a transport entry, you can use this field to 
    change the transport type, for example, from "tcp" to "tli tcp."
2.  Enter the requested connection information for the transport you 
    have selected.
3.  Click OK.
 
dsedit adds the transport to the list of Available Transports. 
   
NOTE:  If you are adding information to an interfaces file, the file 
is not updated until you click Close Session on the Directory Service 
Session window.



TCP/IP AND TLI TCP/IP TRANSPORT INFORMATION

Provide the following information for TCP/IP transport entries:
  
Host Name
---------
The name or IP address (in the format like 123.456.78.90) of the machine 
on which the server is located.  The default value is the name of the 
machine on which dsedit is running.
 
Port Number
-----------
A 4-digit decimal value (between 1025 and 65535 inclusive) for a port 
believed to be available on the host machine.  The default value is 
4000 (or the next highest port number not already used for this dsedit 
session).

Filter Information
------------------
The filter for the server entry. For example, SSL Filters information can
be added here.


SPX/IPX AND TLI SPX/IPX TRANSPORT INFORMATION

Provide the following information for SPX/IPX transport entries:
   
Host Address
------------
An 8-digit hexadecimal value representing the network location 
of the host machine on which this server is located.
   
Port Number
-----------
A 4-digit hexadecimal value for an available port on the host machine.
   
Endpoint
--------
The path for the device file that points to the SPX device driver. 
This value defaults to /dev/mspx for Sun Solaris and to /dev/nspx for 
all other platforms. If you change the value, be sure the path you 
enter begins with "/dev".

Filter Information
------------------
The filter for the server entry. For example, SSL Filters information can
be added here.

NOTE: The default values are based on the platform on which dsedit is 
      running. If the server is running on a different platform, adjust 
      the value accordingly. 

